# ChainMyName

### Project: Concept Evaluation System

## <a href="https://skilleai.notion.site/skilleai/Skill-AI-ML-AI-9ac613f11bfc4c66a568f909b324539a">PS Link</a>

### Goal

The goal of this project is to develop a simple app designed to extract coding and logical questions from blog posts. Users can read a blog and answer questions generated by the app, which are then evaluated. These questions should be logic or coding questions, with a subjective input.

## Features

**Question Extraction:**

- Utilizes NLP/LLMs to extract relevant coding and logical questions from blog posts (text based articles - assume .txt files).

**User Interaction:**

- Simple interface for users to read blogs and answer questions.

**Real-time Feedback:**

- Provides instant feedback on user responses, enhancing the learning process.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** Any ( can be pure HTML, CSS, JS )
- **Backend:** Flask, LangChain, OpenAI

## Note

- You are free to use any templates, AI assisted tools and any other 3rd party tools for the development process.
- Focus on core of the project, not look and feel. At the most basic level, your code should be able to understand a block of text and ask meaningful question based on it.
- Keep focus on code quality and usability, an incomplete application with a future is better that going live with an unusable code-base﻿😉

### You’re expected to create a github repository to maintain the project.

For any help, use chatGPT ;)

For any queries, reach out to - jvan@skille.ai